
This is a more detailed explanation of the commands provided in the client.
A brief list is available at runtime with the 'help' command.

Note that the runtime help gets updated more frequently than this one.


status [mode]	
	Shows the current status, or changes it to "mode", which can be one of:
	online, away, busy, brb, phone, lunch, invisible or idle.

q
	Quits the program.

w
	Prints your entire contact list.
	Contacts connected are highlighted in bold.

ww
	Prints your entire contact list, including email addresses.

e
	Prints your online contacts.

ee
	Prints your online contacts, including email addresses.

eg
	Prints your online contacts with the groups
	
wr
	Prints your reverse contact list.
	(see the FAQ for more details)

h
	Shows your incoming message history
	This is a list of the last N messages that you received. The amount is
	configurable with the directive "input history size" in the msnrc
	file, which defaults to 10.

add email nick
	Adds the user "email" with the nick "nick".

del nick
	Deletes the user with nick "nick".

info [nick]
	Shows the user information and pending messages (if any), or our
	personal info. It also includes some advanced information (like the
	server socket or tid).

lignore [nick]
	Locally ignores the user, or display the locally ignored users list.
	This makes the messages coming from the user not to be displayed, but
	they are still logged so you can see them later.

lunignore nick
	Removes a user from the locally ignored users list.

block nick
	Blocks a user

unblock nick
	Unblocks a blocked user

g
	Shows the group list

gadd gname
	Adds the group "gname"

gdel gname
	Deletes the group "gname". Note that all the users in the group will
	be deleted too.

gren old new
	Renames the group "old" with the name "new"

color [theme]
	Shows the available color themes, or set the color theme to "theme".

close nick
	Closes the switchboard connection with "nick". There is no need to use
	this command and is included just for advanced users and debugging.

config
	Shows the configuration, in the internal representation, along with
	other special automatic variables. This means that many commands and
	values won't have the same format; for instance, instead of 'yes' you
	will often see a 1. This command is mostly exclusively included for
	bug reporting.

nick newnick
	Changes your nick to "newnick".

privacy p a
	Sets whether accept messages from people not on your list (p) and
	require authorization (a).
	(see the FAQ for more details)

m nick text
	Sends a message to "nick" with the "text". The standard and most
	practical way of sending a message. Tab completion expands to this.

a text
	Sends a message with "text" to the last person you sent a message to.

r text
	Sends a message with "text" to the last person that sent you a
	message.

invite u1 to u2
	Invites u1 into the chat with u2


In most cases, where you are asked for a nick, you can alternatively enter the email.
This makes it easier to handle people with weird or long nicks.


